home 

Religious tourism 

India, one of the world's oldest civilizations, is a country with a rich history, a great number of religious traditions, and many tales and legends. India is renowned for its temples, which are stunning, tranquil places of worship that serve as important historical and religious landmarks.(https://www.hindustantimes.com/photos/india-news/photos-monumental-silence-across-india-s-tourist-landmarks/photo-0ltcdywDbivAZnH8xBiCyN.html)

Magnificent temples may be found almost everywhere in the nation. Every temple has a special mythology and history associated with it. These historic, finely constructed, and meticulously preserved places of worship are a must-see for devotees and for anybody who values architecture and history.

Iconic temples of India you must visit 

Check out some of the most iconic and famous temples of India - City wise:

MATHURA

Mathura is the birthplace of Lord Krishna, which is located in Uttar Pradesh. Mathura city is an important religious and pilgrim place for Hindus. There are historic temples in Mathura that add to the beauty of this city. Tourists visit Mathura as it is a peaceful, calm, and serene place. Mathura is a city of cultures and traditions. Apart from many temples, there are many beautiful places to visit in Mathura.


Best Places to Visit in Mathura 
1. Govardhan Hill:
2. Kusum Sarovar:
3. Krishna Janmasthana Temple:
4. Shree Dwarkadhish Temple Mathura:
5. Mathura Museum:
6. Bhuteshwar Mahadev Mandir:
7. Vishram Ghat:
8. Nand Gaon:
9. Radha Kund:
10. Kans Qila:
11. Gita Mandir Mathura

Best Places to Visit in Vrindavan:
1. Prem Mandir
2. Govind Dev Temple
3. Keshi Ghat
4. Small Temples in Vrindavan

Hotels in Gokul, Mathura, and Vrindavan



UJJAIN

An important spot for Hindu pilgrims to visit in India is the historic city of Ujjain, which is located on the banks of the river Shipra. Besides serving as the location of the huge Kumbh Mela, Ujjain is also the site of some of the most popular temples, monuments, and other tourist destinations that offer a divine glimpse into the city's rich cultural legacy. The temples in Ujjain will fascinate anyone, whether they are spiritual people, history buffs, or architecture enthusiasts. Take a look at these famous temples of Ujjain that you shouldn't miss while visiting this beautiful place with family or friends:-

Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga Temple
Kal Bhairav Temple
Mangalnath Temple
Chintaman Ganesh Temple
Ram Ghat
Harsiddhi Temple
Bade Ganeshji Ka Mandir





















